Release fleetd 1.35.0 (#23467)
fleetdm/fleet: orbit/CHANGELOG.md

## Orbit 1.35.0 (Nov 01, 2024)

* Fixed orbit startup to not exit when "root.json", "snapshot.json", or "targets.json" TUF signatures have expired.

> * Adds a UI for the Fleet setup experience to show users the status of software installs and script

Reviewer: Past tense

> * Adds a UI for the Fleet setup experience to show users the status of software installs and script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added UI for the Fleet setup experience to show users the status of software installs and script
```

executions during macOS Setup Assistant.

* Gracefully shutdown fleet desktop when receiving interrupt and terminate signals

> Added capability for fleetd to report vital errors to Fleet server, such as when Fleet Desktop is unable to start.

Reviewer: missing *

> Added capability for fleetd to report vital errors to Fleet server, such as when Fleet Desktop is unable to start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added capability for fleetd to report vital errors to Fleet server, such as when Fleet Desktop is unable to start.
```
